Identity Analytics Alert Handling Playbook for XSIAM (#31441)
demisto/content: Packs/Core/Playbooks/playbook-Identity_Analytics_-_Alert_Handling_README.md

| AzureMfaFailedLogonThreshold | This is the minimum threshold for MFA failed logins by the user in the last 1 day. Required to determine how many MFA failed logon events count as malicious events. | 10 | Optional |
| IAMRemediationType | The response on 'Cloud Credentials Rotation - Azure' sub-playbook provides the following remediation actions using MSGraph Users:<br/><br/>Reset: By entering "Reset" in the input, the playbook will execute password reset.<br/><br/>Revoke: By entering "Revoke" in the input, the playbook will revoke the user's session.<br/><br/>ALL: By entering "ALL" in the input, the playbook will execute the reset password and revoke session tasks. | Revoke | Optional |
| AutoContainment | Whether to execute containment plan \(except isolation\) automatically.<br/>Possible values are: "True" and "False". | False | Optional |

> | UserContainment | Whether to disable the user account using the 'Containment Plan' su-playbook.<br/>Possible values are: "True" and "False". | False | Optional |
> | ClearUserSessions | Whether to clear the user's active Okta sessions using the 'Containment Plan' su-playbook.<br/>Possible values are: "True" and "False". | True | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| UserContainment | Whether to disable the user account using the 'Containment Plan' sbu-playbook.<br/>Possible values are: "True" and "False". | False | Optional |
| ClearUserSessions | Whether to clear the user's active Okta sessions using the 'Containment Plan' sub-playbook.<br/>Possible values are: "True" and "False". | True | Optional |
```
